Description:
"DogShelterApp" is a mobile application which will help the staff to to keep track of the dogs sheltered there. Staff will be able to add new dogs (
newly rescued dogs) and after their medical checkup to update their personal files. They should also know in which crate the new dog is placed,
so another field should be available for that. When a dog is adopted it is removed from the list.

Domain details:
When application starts, a list containing all the dogs in the shelter is displayed. For each dog it will be stored an id (an integer number greater 
than 0 which is automatically generated and managed by the app, used as a form of identification), its name (it can be its actual name or a new name 
given by the shelter amployees), breed (breed type), year of birth (approximately), when it got in the shelter, if he is healthy or not (if it has 
all vaccinations up to date, if it doesn't what else needs to be done, and if it has other medical issues) and the crate number.

CRUD operations:
If a new dog came into the shelter, the "+" button at the bottom right of the page needs to be pressed, and will be redirected to another screen where the 
dog details can be filled in: name, breed, year of birth, arrival date, madical details and the crate number (initially year of birth and medical 
details get the default value null, and after the medical checkup they will be updated). when pressing the "Save" button will save the changes and 
take him back to the main screen.

When an employee discovers about the dog they will click on the dog entry from the list and another another screen will appear where 
each of the fields can be changed. After he is done editing, pressing the "Save" button will save the changes and take him back to the main screen.

If a dog is adopted, the user should remove it from the list and all he needs to do is double click on the dog entry from the list, and a dialog 
asking for removal confirmation (yes/no) will pop up.

Persistance details:
All the operations that manage the dogs (add, update and remove) are persisted both on the server and on the local db.

What is happening when the device is offline:
When application starts, a message that the connection is not available will be shown and if there is data in the local database, a list containing 
the dogs will be shown. The user can add a new dog and it will be saved locally and when the server starts it will also be saved there. Update and 
delete won't work, a message stating that the application is offline and the operation cannot be done until a connection is available will be shown.
